click2call-web/README.md, before:

# README Click to Call Web sample

## Table of contents
* [General information](#general-information)
* [Installation](#installation)
    * [Docker](#docker)
    * [docker-compose](#docker-compose)
* [Running](#running)
    * [Windows](#windows)
* [Further help](#further-help)

---

## General Information
This demo uses environment variables set in the file `.htaccess` found in the src/ directory, that needs to be defined for your use case
```
SetEnv CALLR_LOGIN <your callr login>
SetEnv CALLR_PASS <your callr password>
SetEnv CALLR_TARGET <target number>
SetEnv APP_ID <app id>
```

* CALLR_LOGIN is the login you use to access CALLR services
* CALLR_PASS is the password you use to access CALLR services
* CALLR_TARGET is the target telephone number to forward client calls to, when they submit the web form
* APP_ID (optional) is the ID of a predefined click2call application, that will be reused for each client call, otherwise a new one will be
created and stored as in the file `click2call.appid`

A typical `.htaccess` for Bob Smith, with a telephone number of '+336123456789' and a predefined click to call application would look like the following:
```
SetEnv CALLR_LOGIN bobsmith
SetEnv CALLR_PASS mySecr3tp@ssw0rd
SetEnv CALLR_TARGET +336123456789
SetEnv APP_ID H45HC0D3
```
### if no predefined click to call application is being used, please leave `APP_ID` blank, or remove the line completely.

---

## Installation
### Docker
Docker is available for download on their website [https://www.docker.com/](https://www.docker.com/products/overview)

On Windows make sure you install [Docker toolbox](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-toolbox), or [Docker for Windows (Requires Microsoft Windows 10 Professional or Enterprise 64-bit)](https://www.docker.com/products/docker#/windows)
and use the `Kitematic` application to manage your containers and view their logs and output (installed by default)

### docker-compose  
On Windows and Mac the docker-compose utility is installed automatically with docker-toolbox  
For other users, follow the instructions on the official [Docker website here](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/)

---

## Running
1. Before running the `docker-compose up c2cwebdemo` command, please modify the **.htaccess** file found in the **src** directory.

2. If using MacOS / Windows launch the `Docker quickstart terminal`, and use the provided console to run this demo. 

3. After installing `Docker` and `docker-compose`, run the following command in the same directory as **Dockerfile**, 
    ```
    $ docker-compose up c2cwebdemo
    ```
    you will see output similar to the following:   
    ```
    Building c2cwebdemo
    Step 1 : FROM php:5.6-apache
    ---> 7374b3b98172
    Step 2 : RUN apt-get update     && apt-get install -y zip     && curl -sS https://getcomposer.org/installer | php -- --install-dir=/usr/local/bin --filename=composer
    ---> Using cache
    ---> 82c0a0de5ff7
    Step 3 : COPY src/ /var/www/html/
    ---> a5dd2bea4c5c
    Removing intermediate container 5ecde79f4420
    Step 4 : COPY composer.json /var/www
    ---> 52d9fe05d3c7
    Removing intermediate container ab5d4eae9847
    ...
    [Thu Jul 01 01:15:00.301234 2016] [mpm_prefork:notice] [pid 10] AH00163: Apache/2.4.10 (Debian) PHP/5.6.23 configured -- resuming normal operations
    [Thu Jul 02 01:15:00.301234 2016] [core:notice] [pid 10] AH00094: Command line: '/usr/sbin/apache2 -D FOREGROUND'
    ```

4. You can then connect to the docker container ip address with http:// to view the website. ( the ip address is displayed with the initial startup of the docker quickstart console )

### Windows
When running on windows, you should use the `Kitematic` utility to view the container output and website. 

After launching the docker-compose command, from the `Kitematic` utility windows, you are able to click on the running container, view the 'web preview'
 and launch a browser connection to the website.

---

## Further help
* You will find API documentation and snippets here at [http://thecallr.com/docs/](http://thecallr.com/docs/)
* Or on github in our repository [https://github.com/THECALLR/](https://github.com/THECALLR/)
 
If you have any further questions or require assistance with these examples, please contact CALLR Support
* support@callr.com
* FR: +33 (0)1 84 14 00 30 
* US: +1 (646) 982-0830

---

Commit message:

README/click2call-web: update comments on docker-compose, simplify launch command

click2call-web/README.md, after:

# README Click to Call Web sample

## Table of contents
* [General information](#general-information)
* [Installation](#installation)
    * [Docker](#docker)
    * [docker-compose](#docker-compose)
* [Running](#running)
    * [Windows](#windows)
* [Further help](#further-help)

---

## General Information
This demo uses environment variables set in the file `.htaccess` found in the src/ directory, that needs to be defined for your use case
```
SetEnv CALLR_LOGIN <your callr login>
SetEnv CALLR_PASS <your callr password>
SetEnv CALLR_TARGET <target number>
SetEnv APP_ID <app id>
```

* CALLR_LOGIN is the login you use to access CALLR services
* CALLR_PASS is the password you use to access CALLR services
* CALLR_TARGET is the target telephone number to forward client calls to, when they submit the web form
* APP_ID (optional) is the ID of a predefined click2call application, that will be reused for each client call, otherwise a new one will be
created and stored as in the file `click2call.appid`

A typical `.htaccess` for Bob Smith, with a telephone number of '+336123456789' and a predefined click to call application would look like the following:
```
SetEnv CALLR_LOGIN bobsmith
SetEnv CALLR_PASS mySecr3tp@ssw0rd
SetEnv CALLR_TARGET +336123456789
SetEnv APP_ID H45HC0D3
```
### if no predefined click to call application is being used, please leave `APP_ID` blank, or remove the line completely.

---

## Installation
### Docker
Docker is available for download on their website [https://www.docker.com/](https://www.docker.com/products/overview)

On Windows make sure you install [Docker toolbox](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-toolbox), or [Docker for Windows (Requires Microsoft Windows 10 Professional or Enterprise 64-bit)](https://www.docker.com/products/docker#/windows)
and use the `Kitematic` application to manage your containers and view their logs and output (installed by default)

### docker-compose  
On Windows and Mac the docker-compose utility is installed automatically with docker-toolbox  
For other users, follow the instructions on the official [Docker website here](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/)

---

## Running
1. Before running the `docker-compose up c2cwebdemo` command, please modify the **.htaccess** file found in the **src** directory.

2. If using MacOS / Windows launch the `Docker quickstart terminal`, and use the provided console to run this demo. 

3. After installing `Docker` and `docker-compose`, run the following command in the same directory as **Dockerfile**, 
    ```
    $ docker-compose up
    ```
    you will see output similar to the following:   
    ```
    Building c2cwebdemo
    Step 1 : FROM php:5.6-apache
    ---> 7374b3b98172
    Step 2 : RUN apt-get update     && apt-get install -y zip     && curl -sS https://getcomposer.org/installer | php -- --install-dir=/usr/local/bin --filename=composer
    ---> Using cache
    ---> 82c0a0de5ff7
    Step 3 : COPY src/ /var/www/html/
    ---> a5dd2bea4c5c
    Removing intermediate container 5ecde79f4420
    Step 4 : COPY composer.json /var/www
    ---> 52d9fe05d3c7
    Removing intermediate container ab5d4eae9847
    ...
    [Thu Jul 01 01:15:00.301234 2016] [mpm_prefork:notice] [pid 10] AH00163: Apache/2.4.10 (Debian) PHP/5.6.23 configured -- resuming normal operations
    [Thu Jul 02 01:15:00.301234 2016] [core:notice] [pid 10] AH00094: Command line: '/usr/sbin/apache2 -D FOREGROUND'
    ```

4. You can then connect to the docker container ip address with http:// to view the website. ( the ip address is displayed with the initial startup of the docker quickstart console )

5. If any modifications are made to the project, you will need to restart the container and rebuild the image, this can be done with the docker-compose command `docker-compose up --build`.

### Windows
When running on windows, you should use the `Kitematic` utility to view the container output and website. 

After launching the docker-compose command, from the `Kitematic` utility windows, you are able to click on the running container, view the 'web preview'
 and launch a browser connection to the website.

---

## Further help
* You will find API documentation and snippets here at [http://thecallr.com/docs/](http://thecallr.com/docs/)
* Or on github in our repository [https://github.com/THECALLR/](https://github.com/THECALLR/)
 
If you have any further questions or require assistance with these examples, please contact CALLR Support
* support@callr.com
* FR: +33 (0)1 84 14 00 30 
* US: +1 (646) 982-0830

---
